# TCPIP\_MAC\_RxFilterHashTableEntrySet Function

**Parent topic:**[MAC Driver Module](GUID-0C1AF471-66D4-472F-84AF-212E9E18B21D.md)

## C

```
TCPIP_MAC_RES TCPIP_MAC_RxFilterHashTableEntrySet(
    DRV_HANDLE hMac, 
    const TCPIP_MAC_ADDR* DestMACAddr
);
```

## Description

This function sets the MAC hash table filtering to allow packets sent to DestMACAddr to be received. It calculates a CRC-32 using polynomial 0x4C11DB7 over the 6 byte MAC address and then, using bits 28:23 of the CRC, will set the appropriate bits in the hash table filter registers.

The function will enable/disable the Hash Table receive filter if needed.

## Precondtions

TCPIP\_MAC\_Initialize\(\) should have been called. TCPIP\_MAC\_Open\(\) should have been called to obtain a valid handle.

## Parameters

|Parameters|Description|
|----------|-----------|
|hMac|Handle identifying the MAC driver client.|
|DestMACAddr|Destination MAC address \(6 bytes\) to allow through the Hash Table Filter. If DestMACAddr is set to 00-00-00-00-00-00, then the hash table will be cleared of all entries and the filter will be disabled.|

## Returns

-   TCPIP\_MAC\_RES\_OK - If all processing went on OK.

-   TCPIP\_MAC\_RES error code - If function failed for some reason.


## Remarks

There is no way to individually remove destination MAC addresses from the hash table since it is possible to have a hash collision and therefore multiple MAC addresses relying on the same hash table bit.

A workaround is to have the stack store each enabled MAC address and to perform the comparison at run time.

A call to TCPIP\_MAC\_RxFilterHashTableEntrySet\(\) using a 00-00-00-00-00-00 destination MAC address, which will clear the entire hash table and disable the hash table filter. This will allow the receive of all packets, regardless of their destination.

