# TCPIP\_HTTP\_NET\_ConnectionPostReadPair Macro

**Parent topic:**[HTTP Net Module](GUID-4EFEB885-ECF8-44B5-8F23-1D05952E1845.md)

## C

```
#define TCPIP_HTTP_NET_ConnectionPostReadPair(connHandle, cData, wLen) \
    TCPIP_HTTP_NET_ConnectionPostValueRead(connHandle, cData, wLen)
```

## Description

Reads a name and value pair from a URL encoded string in the network transport buffer. This function is meant to be called from an template\_ConnectionPostExecute\(\) callback to facilitate easier parsing of incoming data. This function also prevents buffer overflows by forcing the programmer to indicate how many bytes are expected. At least 2 extra bytes are needed in *cData* over the maximum length of data expected to be read.

This function will read until the next '&' character, which indicates the end of a value parameter. It assumes that the front of the buffer is the beginning of the name parameter to be read.

This function properly updates the connection *byteCount* \(see TCPIP\_HTTP\_NET\_ConnectionByteCountGet\) by decrementing it by the number of bytes read. It also removes the delimiting '&' from the buffer.

Once complete, two strings will exist in the *cData* buffer. The first is the parameter name that was read, while the second is the associated value.

## Preconditions

The front of the network transport buffer is the beginning of a name parameter, and the rest of the network transport buffer contains a URL-encoded string with a name parameter terminated by a '=' character and a value parameter terminated by a '&'.

## Parameters

\|Parameters \|Description \|<br />\|connHandle \|HTTP connection handle. \|<br />\|cData \|Where to store the name and value strings once they are read. \|<br />\|wLen \|How many bytes can be written to *cData*. \|

