# DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventMaskSet Function

**Parent topic:**[Ethernet MAC Driver Library](GUID-A4DC3D07-DDAD-4748-A855-304CA3439336.md)

## C

```
bool DRV_ETHMAC_PIC32MACEventMaskSet(DRV_HANDLE hMac, TCPIP_MAC_EVENT macEvents, bool enable); 
```

## Returns

always true, operation succeeded.

## Description

This is a function that enables or disables the events to be reported to the Ethernet MAC client \(TCP/IP stack\). All events that are to be enabled will be added to the notification process. All events that are to be disabled will be removed from<br />the notification process. The stack has to catch the events that are notified and process them. After that the stack should call DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventAcknowledge\(\) so that the events can be re-enable The stack should process at least the following transfer events:

-   TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_PKTPEND

-   TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_DONE

-   TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_TX\_DONE


## Remarks

-   The event notification system enables the user of the TCP/IP stack to call into the stack for processing only when there are relevant events rather than being forced to periodically call from within a loop.

-   If the notification events are nil, the interrupt processing will be disabled. Otherwise, the event notification will be enabled and the interrupts relating to the requested events will be enabled.

-   Note that once an event has been caught by the stack ISR \(and reported if a notification handler is in place\) it will be disabled until the DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventAcknowledge\(\) is called.


## Preconditions

DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACInitialize\(\) should have been called. DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACOpen\(\) should have been called to obtain a valid handle.

## Example

DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventMaskSet\( hMac, TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_OVFLOW \| TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_BUFNA, true \);

