# TCPIP\_HTTP\_PostReadPair Macro

**Parent topic:**[HTTP Module](GUID-25A4CF50-2F8F-47E7-A90C-ABFA52814459.md)

## C

```
#define TCPIP_HTTP_PostReadPair(connHandle, cData, wLen) TCPIP_HTTP_PostValueRead(connHandle, cData, wLen)
```

## Description

Reads a name and value pair from a URL encoded string in the TCP buffer. This function is meant to be called from a TCPIP\_HTTP\_PostExecute callback to facilitate easier parsing of incoming data. This function also precents buffer overflows by forcing the programmer to indicate how many bytes are expected. At least 2 extra bytes are needed in cData over the maximum length of data expected to be read.

This function will read until the next '&' character, which indicates the end of a value parameter. It assumes that the front of the buffer is the beginning of the name parameter to be read. This function properly updates the connection byteCount \(see TCPIP\_HTTP\_CurrentConnectionByteCountGet\(\)\) by decrementing it by the number of bytes read. It also removes the delimiting '&' from the buffer. Once complete, two strings will exist in the cData buffer. The first is the parameter name that was read, while the second is the associated value.

## Preconditions

The front of the TCP buffer is the beginning of a name parameter, and the rest of the TCP buffer contains a URL-encoded string with a name parameter terminated by a '=' character and a value parameter terminated by a '&'.

## Parameters

|Parameters|Description|
|----------|-----------|
|connHandle|HTTP connection handle.|
|cData|Where to store the name and value strings once they are read.|
|wLen|How many bytes can be written to cData.|

## Returns

-   HTTP\_READ\_OK - Name and value were successfully read.

-   HTTP\_READ\_TRUNCTATED - Entire name and value could not fit in the buffer, so input was truncated and data has been lost.

-   HTTP\_READ\_INCOMPLETE - Entire name and value was not yet in the buffer, so call this function again later to retrieve.


## Remarks

This function is aliased to TCPIP\_HTTP\_PostValueRead, since they effectively perform the same task. The name is provided only for completeness.

