# DRV\_GMAC\_RxFilterHashTableEntrySet Function

**Parent topic:**[Ethernet GMAC Driver Library](GUID-A24BDAD2-C63E-40B1-894D-1DC3CC6CB66A.md)

## C

```
TCPIP_MAC_RES DRV_GMAC_RxFilterHashTableEntrySet(DRV_HANDLE hMac, const TCPIP_MAC_ADDR* DestMACAddr); 
```

## Returns

-   TCPIP\_MAC\_RES\_OK if success

-   a TCPIP\_MAC\_RES error value if failed


## Description

This function sets the MAC hash table filtering to allow packets sent to DestMACAddr to be received. It calculates a CRC-32 using polynomial 0x4C11DB7 over the 6 byte MAC address and then, using bits 28:23 of the CRC, will set the appropriate bits in the hash table filter registers \( ETHHT0-ETHHT1\).<br />The function will enable/disable the Hash Table receive filter if needed.

## Remarks

-   Sets the appropriate bit in the ETHHT0/1 registers to allow packets sent to DestMACAddr to be received and enabled the Hash Table receive filter.

-   There is no way to individually remove destination MAC addresses from the hash table since it is possible to have a hash collision and therefore multiple MAC addresses relying on the same hash table bit.

-   A workaround is to have the stack store each enabled MAC address and to perform the comparison at run time.

-   A call to DRV\_GMAC\_RxFilterHashTableEntrySet\(\) using a 00-00-00-00-00-00 destination MAC address, which will clear the entire hash table and disable the hash table filter. This will allow the receive of all packets, regardless of their destination


## Preconditions

DRV\_GMAC\_Initialize\(\) should have been called. DRV\_GMAC\_Open\(\) should have been called to obtain a valid handle.

