# DRV\_ETHPHY\_VENDOR\_SMI\_CLOCK\_GET Type

**Parent topic:**[Ethernet PHY Driver Library](GUID-F4DF749A-0F8C-4482-8661-C005A0BE0CF4.md)

## C

```
typedef unsigned int (* DRV_ETHPHY_VENDOR_SMI_CLOCK_GET)(const struct DRV_ETHPHY_OBJECT_BASE_TYPE* pBaseObj, DRV_HANDLE handle); 
```

## Returns

The maximum SMI/MIIM clock speed as an unsigned integer.

## Description

Pointer to Function: typedef unsigned int \(\* DRV\_ETHPHY\_VENDOR\_SMI\_CLOCK\_GET\) \( const struct DRV\_ETHPHY\_OBJECT\_BASE\_TYPE\* pBaseObj, DRV\_HANDLE handle \);<br />This type describes a pointer to a function that returns the SMI/MIIM maximum clock speed in Hz of the Ethernet PHY. This configuration function is PHY specific and every PHY driver has to provide their own implementation.

## Remarks

The PHY driver consists of 2 modules:

-   the main/base PHY driver which uses standard IEEE PHY registers

-   the vendor specific functionality This function provides vendor specific functionality. Every PHY driver has to expose this vendor specific function as part of its<br />interface. This value is PHY specific. All PHYs are requested to support 2.5 MHz. Traditionally the name used for this function is DRV\_EXTPHY\_SMIClockGet but any name can be used. The PHY driver will call the vendor set up functions after the communication to the PHY has been established. The function should not block but return immediately. The function cannot start SMI transactions and cannot use the vendor<br />specific functions to store/retrieve specific data \(see Vendor Interface Routines\).


## Preconditions

Communication to the PHY should have been established.

