# DRV\_MIIM\_Scan Function

**Parent topic:**[MIIM Driver Library](GUID-A8906C8D-A608-4572-AE74-1E517DD2B0BE.md)

## C

```
DRV_MIIM_OPERATION_HANDLE DRV_MIIM_Scan(DRV_HANDLE handle, unsigned int rIx, unsigned int 
phyAdd, DRV_MIIM_OPERATION_FLAGS opFlags, DRV_MIIM_RESULT* pOpResult); 
```

## Returns

A not NULL DRV\_MIIM\_OPERATION\_HANDLE if the operation was successfully scheduled. NULL if the operation failed. More details in pOpResult.

## Description

This function initiates a SMI/MIIM scan transaction for a given MIIM register.

## Remarks

If operation was scheduled successfully, the result will be DRV\_MIIM\_RES\_OK. Otherwise an error code will be returned. When a new scan result is available:

-   If the operation is to be discarded \(DRV\_MIIM\_OPERATION\_FLAG\_DISCARD is set\) there will be no notification to the client.

-   If the operation is not to be discarded, then:

-   if the client has registered an operation notification callback \(DRV\_MIIM\_RegisterCallback\) then the notification callback will be called.

-   if there is no notification callback the MIIM driver will wait for the client to poll and read the operation result using DRV\_MIIM\_OperationResult\(\). Only then the operation will be released.


A scheduled scan operation will remain active in the background and will be available for returning the scan results. When polling is used, DRV\_MIIM\_OperationResult\(\)will return the latest scan result. The operation associated resources will be released and scan stopped only when DRV\_MIIM\_OperationAbort\(\) is called.<br />While scan is active all other transactions \(including from other clients\) will be inhibited! Use carefully!

## Preconditions

-   The DRV\_MIIM\_Initialize routine must have been called.

-   DRV\_MIIM\_Open must have been called to obtain a valid opened device handle.


