# recv Function

**Parent topic:**[Berkeley Module](GUID-5F35C98C-EC8E-40FF-9B62-3B31D508F820.md)

## C

```
int recv(
    SOCKET s, 
    char* buf, 
    int len, 
    int flags
);
```

## Description

This function is used to reveive incoming data that has been queued for a socket. This function can be used with both datagram and stream socket. If the available data is too large to fit in the supplied application buffer *buf*, excess bytes are discarded in case of SOCK\_DGRAM type sockets. For SOCK\_STREAM types, the data is buffered internally so the application can retrieve all data by multiple calls of recvfrom.

## Preconditions

The connect\(\) function should be called for TCP and UDP sockets. Server side, accept\(\) function should be called.

## Parameters

|Parameters|Description|
|----------|-----------|
|s|Socket descriptor returned from previous call to socket\(\).|
|buf|Application data receive buffer.|
|len|Buffer length in bytes.|
|flags|No significance in this implementation.|

## Returns

-   If the recv\(\) function is successful, the coket is valid and it has pending data:

    -   The supplied buffer is non NULL and has non zero length, the function will return the number of bytes copied to the application buffer.

    -   The supplied buffer is NULL or has zero length then no data will be copied and the function will return the number of bytes pending in the socket buffer.

-   A return value of SOCKET\_ERROR \(-1\) indicates an error condition \(*errno* is set accordingly\). *errno* is set to EWOULDBLOCK if there is no data pending in the socket buffer.

-   A return value of 0 indicates socket has been shutdown by the peer.


## Remarks

None.

