# TCPIP\_DNS\_Enable Function

**Parent topic:**[DNS Module](GUID-D15C8F84-C30C-451F-8AB7-F8E62AD494C2.md)

## C

```
bool TCPIP_DNS_Enable(
    TCPIP_NET_HANDLE hNet, 
    TCPIP_DNS_ENABLE_FLAGS flags
);
```

## Description

This function enables the DNS Client name resolution for the specified interface. The additional flags give better control on how the name resolution is performed.

## Preconditions

The DNS module must be initialized.

## Parameters

|Parameters|Description|
|----------|-----------|
|hNet|Interface to enable the DNS Client on.|
|flags|Specify further attributes for this interface: act as a strict, preferred or default interface.|

## Returns

-   True - If successful.

-   False - If unsuccessful: the requested interface could not be selected for DNS name resolving.


## Remarks

The interface selection for the name resolution tries to find a valid interface, i.e. an interface that is up and has a valid DNS server. The selection is done following these rules:

-   if a strict interface is set, only that interface is used for name resolution

-   else if there is a preferred interface, that one will be tried first

-   else the default interface is used

-   else any available interface will be used


Additionally, if a retry is attempted using the same selected interface, an alternate DNS server from that interface will be selected, if available.

Only one strict interface can exist at any time. Selecting a new strict interface will replace the old one.

Only one preferred interface can exist at any time. Selecting a new preferred interface will replace the old one.

The selected interface has to be up and running for the call to succeed.

