# TCPIP\_TCP\_ClientOpen Function

**Parent topic:**[TCP Module](GUID-9461917B-27CE-44ED-80DB-67D963896E8F.md)

## C

```
TCP_SOCKET TCPIP_TCP_ClientOpen(
    IP_ADDRESS_TYPE addType, 
    TCP_PORT remotePort, 
    IP_MULTI_ADDRESS* remoteAddress
);
```

## Description

Provides a unified method for opening TCP client sockets.

Sockets are created at the TCP module initialization, and can be claimed with this function and freed using TCPIP\_TCP\_Abort or TCPIP\_TCP\_Close.

## Preconditions

TCP is initialized.

## Parameters

|Parameters|Description|
|----------|-----------|
|addType|The type of address being used. Example: IP\_ADDRESS\_TYPE\_IPV4.|
|remotePort|TCP port to connect to. The local port for client sockets will be automatically picked by the TCP module.|
|remoteAddress|The remote address to be used. If 0 then the address is unspecified.|

## Returns

-   INVALID\_SOCKET - No sockets of the specified type were available to be opened.

-   TCP\_SOCKET handle - Save this handle and use it when calling all other TCP APIs.


## Remarks

IP\_ADDRESS\_TYPE\_ANY is not supported \(not a valid type for client open\)!

If the remoteAddress != 0 \(and the address pointed by remoteAddress != 0\) then the socket will immediately initiate a connection to the remote host

If the remoteAddress is unspecified, no connection is initiated. Client socket parameters can be set using TCPIP\_TCP\_Bind, TCPIP\_TCP\_RemoteBind, etc. calls and then connection initiated by calling TCPIP\_TCP\_Connect.

Sockets and user threads protection For efficiency reasons, there is NO PROTECTION for each individual API call except to Open and Close sockets! What it means is that:

-   the user application should close all its sockets before issuing a stack/if down command The stack manager takes care of the internally used sockets

-   A socket can NOT be used concurrently from multiple threads! It's ok to pass a socket from one thread to another as long as there's is no access from more than one thread at a time


