# TCPIP\_UDP\_ServerOpen Function

**Parent topic:**[UDP Module](GUID-D2D8E9C8-0778-41E2-8F0B-194954B92250.md)

## C

```
UDP_SOCKET TCPIP_UDP_ServerOpen(IP_ADDRESS_TYPE addType, UDP_PORT localPort, IP_MULTI_ADDRESS* localAddress); 
```

## Returns

-   INVALID\_SOCKET - No sockets of the specified type were available to be opened or parameter error.

-   A UDP\_SOCKET handle - Save this handle and use it when calling all other UDP APIs.


## Description

Provides a unified method for opening UDP server sockets.

## Remarks

Sockets and user threads protection For efficiency reasons, there is NO PROTECTION for each individual API call except to Open and Close sockets! What it means is that:

-   the user application should close all its sockets before issuing a stack/if down command The stack manager takes care of the internally used sockets

-   A socket can NOT be used concurrently from multiple threads! It's ok to pass a socket from one thread to another as long as there's is no access from more than one thread at a time


## Preconditions

UDP is initialized.

## Example

IP\_ADDRESS\_TYPE\_IPV4 or IP\_ADDRESS\_TYPE\_IPV6. It can be IP\_ADDRESS\_TYPE\_ANY and the server socket will accept any incoming type of connection.<br />UDP\_PORT localPort - UDP port on which to listen for connections IP\_MULTI\_ADDRESS\* localAddress - Pointer to a local IP address to use. This needs to be the valid IP address of a local interface the server is to listen on or NULL if any incoming interface will do.

## Parameters

|Parameters|Description|
|----------|-----------|
|IP\_ADDRESS\_TYPE addType|The type of address being used.|
|||

