# DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventAcknowledge Function

**Parent topic:**[Ethernet MAC Driver Library](GUID-A4DC3D07-DDAD-4748-A855-304CA3439336.md)

## C

```
bool DRV_ETHMAC_PIC32MACEventAcknowledge(DRV_HANDLE hMac, TCPIP_MAC_EVENT tcpAckEv); 
```

## Returns

-   true if events acknowledged

-   false if no events to be acknowledged


## Description

This function acknowledges and re-enables processed events. Multiple events can be ORed together as they are processed together. The events acknowledged by this function should be the events that have been retrieved from the stack by calling DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventPendingGet\(\) or have been passed to the stack by the driver using the registered notification handler and have been processed and have to be re-enabled.

## Remarks

-   All events should be acknowledged, in order to be re-enabled.

-   Some events are fatal errors and should not be acknowledged \( TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_BUSERR, TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_TX\_BUSERR\). Driver/stack re-initialization is needed under such circumstances.

-   Some events are just system/application behavior and they are intended only as simple info \(TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_OVFLOW, TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_BUFNA, TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_TX\_ABORT, TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_ACT\).

-   The TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_FWMARK and TCPIP\_MAC\_EV\_RX\_EWMARK events are part of the normal flow control operation \(if auto flow control was enabled\). They should be enabled alternatively, if needed.

-   The events are persistent. They shouldn't be re-enabled unless they have been processed and the condition that generated them was removed. Re-enabling them immediately without proper processing will have dramatic effects on system performance.


## Preconditions

DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACInitialize\(\) should have been called. DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACOpen\(\) should have been called to obtain a valid handle.

## Example

DRV\_ETHMAC\_PIC32MACEventAcknowledge\( hMac, stackNewEvents \);

